fix: enhance the code reading experience for lacking RPC generated files (#353)
apache/incubator-hugegraph-doc: content/en/docs/contribution-guidelines/hugegraph-server-idea-setup.md

1. In IntelliJ IDEA, go to `Preferences/Settings` and find the `Java Compiler` panel. Then, disable the `--release` option (recommended).
2. Set the Project SDK to 8 (Deprecated soon).

> #### 2. java: package org.apache.hugegraph.backend.store.raft.rpc.RaftRequests does not exist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 2. java: *.store.raft.rpc.RaftRequests does not exist (RPC Generated Files)
```

Reviewer: The new distributed modules PD & Store also include `RPC-related` files, so the title could be more general

> The reason may be that the build did not correctly generate the rpc files leading to a missing package reference. To fix this right click on the `hugegraph-pd` repo and select `Maven->Generate Sources and Update Folders`. This will rebuild the repo and correctly generate the files which should fix the missing reference error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reason is that the source code didn't include the `RPC-generated` files. You could try 2 ways to fix it:
1. [CMD]`mvn clean compile` in the **root** directory (Recommend)
2. [UI] right click on the `hugegraph` repo and select `Maven->Generate Sources and Update Folders`. This will rebuild the repo and correctly generate the required files.
```
